Just did a trust fall onto the snow. It saved me. <3
Why have changed a lot. I really can not believe what I see ??
You can be the boss, MY BOSS.
I swear I have short term memory loss
So a 31 hour bus drive later and we're all in madrid
Can't believe I used to look forward to snow as a kid.
I wish the sun would come out tho!!
that video to funny should b on that tv show
The lyrics in this song make me cry.
never stay in on Saturdays why the fuck have I
It's good to be us!, Its good to be free!
what people say doesn't bother me , why because I know ME !
A dollar might turn to a million then we all rich.
no sex bitch i only want the neck bitch
I miss you 
I won't lie, am feeling u
I look like an avatar when I French braid my hair.
I gotta go out there soon. I don't wanna go out there 
Let me just say, you are one handsome ass man. That is all.
I really really wanted to go to the mall. :(.
ever though you're singing and thinking how well you've got it made.
I just looked at this week's calendar and I'm very afraid.
And suddenly I'm not sleepy anymore. I'd die for some cereal.
Crap. I have to take a dump and I am out of reading material.
YOU ARE MY FRIEND and I LOVE YOU!
Night of Champions: Cody and Drew!
Took my money. Took my bitch from me. And took my crew. #takers
Future decision makers ; become the movers and shakers
Left one event and now at another
Dancing to rap with ron and his mother. :)
I like big butts and I can not lie.
Sex is bad, have sex and you will die
I know what I like and baby its you.
Son of a bitch!!!!!! Damn u Cody and Drew!!!!!!!!!
Oh, and my favorite: ^_~ wink!
Time for reading and rest  (i think)
Rise and Shine :)
..and that's fine.
Just watching tv with my family and hanging out with a jim beam
Something stinks tonight and I think its my favorite football team....
Writers use words and sentences as their tools to paint
And If I'm Fake I Ain't Notice Cause My Money Ain't!
And here's the rain. *Lots* of it.
Woke up mad early and shit
Oooh eck it's early. And it sounds like it's persisting down out there.
The things i would do , and have done for this guy, no others can compare.
Elvis I miss you all the time and I love You!
he's even into stupid punk and hardcore too :D
and the sun is shining?? GREAT!!!!
hate to love, and love to hate
He doesn't like me, but he calls me hun and babe. Okay.
im back! got all the things i needed and some more :) yay!
Why do girls get all dolled up with heels and short dresses... At a punk show?
I want to be in your arms, where you hold me tight and never let go.
And now, good night.
Green and white fight!
Vodka Watermelon. So delicious and now I'm warm inside.
It's raining men all up in here. And it's raining water outside.
and hot:):):):)
and caught!
I'm a great kisser.  I've kissed over three and a half women now.
S/O to me wishing you the best and you wishing me the rest *pow*
an hour and a half
I'll look back and laugh....
Why am I up so early? AND, on the computer?
Can't sleep, guess I'll eat an apple and fix my router
Yes, my dear cat. Go ahead and eat my computer :)
Can't sleep, guess I'll eat an apple and fix my router
Want to know who your true friends are? Mess up and see who's still there.
I'm a nun dammit, get the hell up and offer me your chair.
And NOW you know what I'm reading today. :D
Say what you mean; and mean what you say.
I just bit my nail and it kills :/
God bless George foreman and his grills
ahh.... woke up in the afternoon and took a nice shower! ;)
(As in Me and Three Girls; I have the Rhythm, Pace and Power)
Cava and shooting stars!
Cause were Venus and Mars !!!
Whose Jamaican here and is going to the Labor Day parade?
And truth? fat jew started that EPIC shit --retire that snooze. Been played
She made the kids sit and watch her eat.
Get off your ass and get on your feet!
People need to learn when and when not to @ Chris in a tweet....
movies all night with thee ac on blast. oh and tacos. :d SWEET!
I need to get drunk and dance tonight.
Goodnight y'all sweet dream and have a night
going out to get a haircut, and get a new strip of extensions :)
Hello to everyone and thank you for the follow friday mentions!!
Christ, #Shooting Stars is funny. So fresh and silly.
I'm having a great time and meeting new friends @ #Chile. :)
Time goes by fast when you're having fun, and slow when you're bored.
I hate no sparks and bag nothing. Back to the drawing board.
Free speech ends at the intersection of Israel and criticism.
Canoeing on the East River. And no, that's not a euphemism.
Karma is a bitch - And this bitch gonna be coming round to you
Watching Los Campesinos! Oh, and got a dinosaur tattoo.
it's quiet and yet it's not
Okay I'm up and its hot -
There is a bar here called the squid and whale. Heavy sigh.
... and taking the kid to the doctor. fever too high.
im going lunch and do goals.
Pancakes and Cinnamon rolls!
Tried and true that age has little to do with maturity level-
I've said it before and I'll say it again. Thinking is THE devil.
Don't say it's too late to try and make it right.
A rock flew up and cracked my windshield last night :(
And now lab awaits..
Pops popcorn and waits....
Diddy Riese with the boys and Hilary! #yum
Where to hunker down and do work today.... hmmm
who wants to be a doll and bring me some food!?!?
You better watch out your mouth and your words, dude.
I want to lay in the sun and take a nap.
My brother and I broke the Face Double app.
READ MY LAST TWEET AND ANSWER ME! :D
and now I'm going to watch TV.
Really sick of Eckstein sticking his a** out and getting hits
I'm dancing the @Hodgman right now, AND I HAVE NO BASS. #wits
I think I ate Feisty Flakes for breakfast. And lunch.
Running a mission, then food with Clay and his bunch
Would somebody please pull the trigger and put the ball on goal??
Love cleaning, laundry and dishes. So soothing to my mind and soul.
I am kicking back on the sofa and I refuse to do a thing .
It's realizing you don't need certain people and the drama they bring.
Large crowd now gathering at Olympic and Flower.  Rocking cars.
Three sketches and #McNaught has broken out of my triangle of stars :-)
What happened to nelly and his face band aid?
Fuck my father and fathers day! I'm self made...
Fuck I look like hoe I look like Yes and you look like No!!
Man, you guys, WIZARDS AND WARRIORS is a really bad show.
Good morning and Happy Mothers day!!!!
Say what you mean and mean what u say...
REALLY??? Woke up and now I can't go back to sleep!!! :(
Turn the music down low and let the lac creep ;
Time to shower and attempt to go to sleep.
Turn the music down low and let the lac creep ;
And here we go on a saturday night
So happy I could die and its alright.
Saturday morning has come and the scuba diving has begun.
I give a dim light dream a color scheme. And I swim to the sun.
Some say  he goes round and round the garden like a teddy bear
I would be long. I would be right and wrong. But I would be rare.
Someday we'll look back on all this and plow into a parked car.
Have seen horses having sex and two bald eagles today so far. :
on way to work and looks beautiful outside
A night of fights and now, time for a camel ride!
goodnight and goodbye! :)
And never be shy
I wont tell which one. I leave u with that and bid u a good night
ok, i'm gonna pop this Labyrinth dvd in and call it a nite...
Lost in the dark and dreamy land of Where the Wild Things Are once more..
Harlem flow and  LONG ass drive up North on deck... The things I do for .....
I just left and I already know what I forgot! I just can't win
May the blessing of light be upon you, light without and light within.
Back at work and it's giving me the blues.
too many doritos and mountain dews.
How To Negotiate With Car Dealers – And Win! -
Be still and listen to the voice within
And it's down again!!
Two and a half men :)
American Idol and ironing marathon!
Oh... and Parmesan, don't forget the shaved Parmesan!
I lay awake and miss you when you go.
#rednecks and #bulldogs do exist, you know!.
Wow me and my brother are getting along
Sick of bad romance and nothing on u (song)
I have made fire! And now it's raining.
and on cue my dad starts complaining.
Sunshine and warm in Bemidji today.  Great St. Patrick's Day!
done with my math and filling out my study abroad app! yay!
foraging for food and then writing in the sun!
How is it that I feel good and fuck all in one?
How awesome are Tina Fey and Downey Jr
sunny session ;-D w. beffa and junior.
Relaxing with Edward and Hattie...
Three stars: Marty, Martin and Patty!
another pair. and the difference is astounding i should expect.
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect.
Will anybody go and get me some lunch... PLEASE (and mini eggs!!) x
If ya wanna keep yo man just provide him wit  good food and wild sex!
and just like that ... the old Ollie returns ...
Council approves rezoning and adjourns
Feelings leaves nothing but stress, and I'm too young to be stressed
I love backhanded and compromised compliments. They're the best.
landed in lA and off to rehearsals for tour..
And a happy st patricks day to be sure!
manic highs and depressive lows
Nail therapy. Fingers and toes.
Mr. Malcolm was damn good and crazy...
Toast: dinner of the poor and lazy.
Have to be up early and I can't sleep. Damn you, over active brain!
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. *Mark Twain
@___Jimmy And complicated to type (:
Can't wait to see JR And all the hype
Did overstock at work and there's still nothin to do!!!
Broken stars and boulevards are not enough for you...
And the fashion show begins or should I say harsh sweat shop labor
Rereading The Crimson Petal and The White by Michael Faber ?
My third bill has gone down quite alot and Im proud of myself.
If you're a bird and she's a bird... Am I a bird? Ask yourself.
Great, thanks... And you? :)
... and we're home. Whew!
i'm giving up eating and sleeping for Lent.
i meant what i said and i said what i meant.
Spent all day reading and listening to tunes.
with the barkers and the colored balloons
I should be sleeping.  This cat called here and now I can't go back to bed.
It's time to listen to some ...And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Dead.
iTs coming together so nicely and it's just the start.
I wake up daily with music on my mind and heart.
Two minutes! One and a half!
And all I can do is laugh ...
Hey ray and no heat
Beer and a beat
ill keep it short and sweet. Girls are confused and confusing
is competing for attention with a farm.  and losing.
Make Money Online - Free Mobile software downloads and software ...
damn salinger and zinn. sad for truth seekers everywhere.
Well done Andy Murray. You're good and we like you. There, we've said it
i think i might have to bite the bullet and get a new phone... shit
Be a Light ~ Be Yourself ~ And Good Night. :-)
the moon is so round and bright tonight =)
Okay, I promise I'm done talking about bras and boobs now. Ha.
Looking for web designers and widget makers to work in LA!
Everyone have a fun and fabulous day!
Can't wait to get home and tell this bitch off! Yay!
I don't dream since I quit sleeping and I haven't slept since I met you
They walked lots of dogs and cleaned out the garage for us!  Did a great job too!
Now I have to run! Hugs and have a great day!
Can't wait to get home and tell this bitch off! Yay!
Tea and Toy Story. What a nice stormy day.
Can't wait to get home and tell this bitch off! Yay
we're bringing on Trevor Cherry and Tony Currie C'mon Leeds!
Those are my favorite stories and authors. Those were great reads.
Veronica mars is the dogs Dick and balls
and yes, even MORE sales calls, sales calls, sales calls....
Bro and his mate just arrived. Getting ready for all Hell to break loose... xD
?Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.?? Dr. Seuss
I'm no genius, and I lost myself.
Don't take my heart and put it on a shelf.... ??
bored and cant wait for tomorrow!!:)
Cheech and chong on the radio.
Got it. Now I may sleep peacefully. And with a smile.
Disagreeing dinner and coldness = slightly I'll!
Again and again and again and again~~
...and no one to lob snowballs at. Bad times (N)
Don't feel well tired and sick...
need some ideas.  and quick!
find a penny, pick it up and you'll have good luck all day.
putting our pink gloves on and fighting this head on today
I'M UP AND GETTING READY FOR LONDON BABY
I am bored and its cold hmmm ice skating maybe
and it still snowing heavily love it :D
@_Detox_ nothing much.. how you been and shit?
Damn!!! I sleep all day and Now I Can't go Back to Sleep..
Goodness i hate when im tired and just cant fall asleep
earrings and boots ....
And now THE ROOTS?!!!
Ugh. Can't sleep! And I gave to be at work in five hours. :(
... oh, and i forgot ferrero rocher. and flowers.
And we have integration between T and F...
At home working movies with claudia and steph
oh gosh i'm so tired and i'm feeling sick.
Goin to walmart with briana and rick.
Having a beer and about to go watch a movie.
HO, it's suddenly dark outside and pouring rain. Groovy.
Going home to bathe cook and watch paranormal activity
intern wanted - bring your online marketing skills and creativity.
Find Randy Moss and you'll find the answer
My name is Jason and I'm a cancer.
Round yon virgin mother and child.
And when I turned around, I smiled...
had a fantastic new years and a lovely new years day
love it when im eating it and u try to crawl away
Run the ball and play good defense! Go Jets!!
cant wait to get off work and throw on some sweats
Eating cookies and cream ice cram with my sweetie!
it's time for bed. #goodnight and go get #GRAFFITI!
I've finished ;)) and now the great time to study :D
Just say hi, and i will follow you buddy!!!!!!
We've re-arranged our top friends! Come and see if you're in there!
k am finally in here and it feels weird :S err...
wow.. that's IS an ugly dog but it kinda cute and funny!!
Cant wait to get to get back to the land of milk and honey.
and if I notes you , I choose you
And I really don't know what to do
and. damn my wandering mind to hell while I'm at it.
Let's hope the teacher approves and I will rock that shit.
And oh yeah. I want John Lennon to be back. This is a bad day.
Ok I'm up and ready to go.  Let's see what's in store for me today.
A New Perspective In Life, And A New Path To Live. :]
This is the time and this is the place to be alive.
grow a spine and get off your ass, please. for your own sake.
fell asleep watching Star Trek and am now wide awake.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death.  He wins fair and square.
HE FELL ASLEEP ON ME and i rubbed his hair :)
Is eating bagel bites and watching observe and report
ASKING ALEXANDRIA TONIGHT !!!  COME OUT AND SUPPORT !!
may have some peace, time and space in a bit, thank fuck
Got my thumb up my ass and I'm shit outta luck!
ok time to work on a goal... since I'm up and will be up for a while!
Such a wonderfully bright and beautiful day!! Can't help but smile!! :D
I'm wet, cold and sad.
I'm so Sad and Bad!!
Thanks Joyce I love your updates always timely and great!
Making salads and listening to the kids debate.
sad the hubs is sick and I cant take care of him:(
Just got up time for food and then hitting the gym
Certain frogs can be frozen solid then thawed and continue living.
Here's wishing all our fellow divers a safe and happy Thanksgiving!
We should stop existing and start living.
Have a great, safe and Happy Thanksgiving.
getting ready to spin and sprint.  come on people get up and workout.
Can't wait for tomorrow but today its time to chill and hangout.
cup of tea and a piece of danish toast , YUM :-)
and the long trip starts now... Houston here we come..!
but jeff has and will always have my full support
Shut up. I'm a girl, and I'm allowed to be short.
Happy Sunday everyone and oh yes, GO PATS!!!
It's raining in Austin and it smells like wet bats.
you know cool and cut grass is not so fun.
God bless you guys and make it a sweet one!
What eats spinach and makes mens suits? Popeye the tailor man :-)
enjoying the summer weather and working on my tan!
a bug just flew into my eye and almost went into my brain
is grateful it is October and not snowing.  Just pouring rain.
Having fun, working and learning.
And the tables just keep turning.
Just had my first driving practice and it was great!
am on updating about me and Cas date.
weather on the street: PERFECT!  trivia hint: andy and spaghetti.
My mind is so full it might explode and what will come out? Confetti!
made plans then had to cancelled and mad someone angry what a day ...
taking a break from doing my assignments and it's time to play!! :))
catching up on home and away. i know i'm gonna be in tears ):
Keep Samoa, Tonga, &amp; the Phillipines in your hearts and prayers.
Finding it harder and harder to sleep alone.
is heading out for the day and without her phone :(
saints you get all the free kicks and you still cant win!
is back at the home from home and ready to begin....
Just watched Inglorious Bastards and it was glorious!
they will not control us, and we will be victorious ?
And this thing is totally makes me sad. ?
running errands and then dinner with dad. :)
And i thought hamilton n nicole had broke up. So why she's in there?
Ole player Schmidt has now reentered the game and looks now worse for the wear.
This morning was speed baking scones and rushing Erskine to ballet class.
Time to clean this room and then wash my car even though it has no gas
thank god for grade one and full days.
THIS IS FOR GOD AND FOR THE GAYS.
sit and sad xD
bored and mad...
No i like clay and will. i only like will a little bit though
Marissa and I are auditioning for a modeling show
Freshman Showcase and Animal Crackers tonight.  Good day.
GO GATORS!!  ORANGE AND BLUE!! WE'RE GONNA KILL IT TODAY!!
Time for work.. come see me and keep me busy!
I feel sick stomach hurts and feeling dizzy:..
rite ..............quick cup of tea and bed ....nite all
and he's still ugly as shit. good call.
Had a goo lunch, got the dishes done and it's time for rest
Sorry i can't join epic at the sausage and biscuit fest. :(
Walmart and dollar store with Michelle.
so cold. and hungry. i want taco bell!
At the flea market now and it's deathly hot.
New home coordinates? check the long and lat
I put a new photo and no one asked me
I am waiting for hubby and watching tv
trapped in the fishbowl and sick its going to be a long night
Entourage and Curb your Enthusiasm were both really good tonight.
... and Mad Men takes the Emmy as well!!!
studying up on heaven and hell
i just banged my foot and it hurts like a bitch!
life's a bitch. treat it right, and you might get rich.
just welcomed John and Sandy back to the land of promise
As long as i don't wake up to sinbad and rob thomas.
If someone doesn't come and clothe and feed me soon I might just die.
Slow down, check it twice and get it right the first time. Words to live by!
Watching my husband and my daughter sleeping..
The smell is divine and now they are beeping
I love training the new person. She does all the reading and i tweet!
Now playing: David Bowie and Mick Jagger - Dancing in the Street
and I'm totally not going to be able to go now.
just found out about drew barrymore and ellen page! uh.. wow
Don't like public transport and trains that go in strange directions.
He does not effect at one time and not by the objections.
chaos and stress
less and less
..., we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love. :)
I'm a soldier, a writer, a survivor, and all the above.
*laughs and blushes* Well thank you. You really think so?
This week just seems very slow and dead ya know?
shattered and grumpy oh what a great combination :) NOT!!!!!
a fly just hit me in the ear and it hurt quite a lot... : /
is very excited and just a little nervous...
At home sick today. Text me? Cells on and I'll have service.
im playing and im kinda new to this
my bro is so mean to me and my sis. :(
lets start our own damn circus.  i have a four man tent and can juggle.
My eyes are sore and my mouth is dry. Keeping silent is a struggle.
my dad thinks I have meningitis. And I can't stop passing out
So what's this new site Football Betting Champ and Mr X all about?
Just woke up and wondering..
its raining and thundering
They r playing high and dry in nordstrom. Weird
I just shampooed and conditioned my beard
just woke up and ready to face the world (new day) (new jeans) (new me) :D
GOOD MORNING! And happy hump day to everybody! =D
richard loves blood and guts
Home and away was nuts
It's only rock and roll, but we like it.
Just installed Pandora and it's the Shit!
i'm bored and broke. how can i transfer this into productivity?
Judgemental attitudes kill innovation and creativity
Who in the hell is going to buy Sonic and Knuckles? who?
*scowling* F you man, f you. You are lazy and I hate you!
Off to the movies, then pizza and wine with a friend.
Ur job is follow ur dream and run hard till the end
just pooped in the refrigerator , and ate a whole wheel of cheese
Spending my Friday night studying Arabic and Japanese.
Took my son to school, praying God moves, and I get a job soon!!!
@fridley you're making me crave Laphroaig and its barely noon....
i am confused every morning that i wake up and it's cold...
Ya it's stupid. I'm so pissed. And jon jon flipped and took back the bold
phones off and im out :P
Primal scream and shout...
Been to Glasgow and back.
And i go back to black
kicking and screaming ;) love this song!
And I'm just going to                       What's wrong?
people can keep the bull..... i'm about me and MINE... u hear me?
believe none of what you hear and only half of what you see..
bold and the beautiful time! *like*
How are men and parking spots alike?
They should just rename it and be done
And I'm talking about my OWN son.
AND NOW IT'S STARTING TO RAIN! Murphy's Law is in love with me today
Does anyone own lawn darts anymore? I love to find a set and play.
And when you go go go go...
At the Home and Garden Show ???
Time to wake up and drum.
and I've ran out of gum!
i love saturday and sunday....^^
rip michael and happy birthday
Praying for tabitha and brad. And amelia.
hi im from brazil and my name?s is cecilia
The crowd is in and sat. morning is going strong
I'm just checking email and need to practice a song
@___Ashley____ *Sniffs and hugs bear* all gone?
Ok I'm rested and rolling. ~yawn
been sick for three days and want to just lay down and die
I just wanna come home one day and be myself. *sigh*
up ready and off to school :D
Popping and locking fool
I want to go back to bed, curl up and watch Murder She Wrote...
do the world a favor, stop cutting you're arms, and slit you're throat.
Saturday morning league and then I don't know what.
I have people that gossip and cant keep their mouths shut.
s and lonely boy. :) i miss those days. :(
scratch cards, playing taboo and catch phrase.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
I'll organize my room and eat ... then I go back! until after !!
Party with me and monica at Allure tonight!
a boy brushed red... living in black and white
guess what?  I've already noticed that.  And I'm over it.
my room is a mess and I could give less of a shit.
Is annoyed by the name Chris Christie and the Republican party
Just got home. Wonderful night spent with bibi and hearty :)
Los Angeles to Denver and then to Mexico. Makes perfect sense.
Back in New Haven.  Let the pain and humiliation commence.
thunder and storm coming - have to shut down. blah!
New wireless mouse. :] And it's green. Hah.
I shall now fix myself a little drink and have a cigarette.
I speak like my mom! that's not cool and i'm not mature yet :/
FOR HOURS SLEEP AND IN A SURPRISINGLY CALM MOOD REALLY
Jonas Brother's and their fans have issues, chile. . .
....You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it.
At the lake and Ready to go home! I'm so over this shit!!
Painting rooms in our new house!  First time home owner and I'm stoked.
Just ran thru a sprinkler!! And is therefore soaked :)
In London and it's H.O.T.
Stayed at home and rot .
I miss my brothers and how they always pick on me :(
anyways going to find foods and get more ice tea!
Lounging and reading e-mail.
SCRATCH AND DENT WORLD! Fail.
had a crazy and busy week but enjoyed a little break today! :)
i breakout and i start to shake and i hear your name, can’t walk away ..
I wish it would say sunny. Showering and then I'm not sure.
My hips are bruised and hurt so bad. thanks warped tour!
Phew, Im tired. It's all done and we are on our way to my moms.
First official weekend in vegas and hitting up rain @ palms
And still I wonder, still I wonder - who'll stop the rain?
I put on my raving shoes and I board the plane...
Doing my nails and watching Kill Bill
Come out to BT bar and grill!!!
Hey and here's the world's biggest guitar center!
Getting cards and presents left, right and centre!
making mac and cheese. How yummy!
and the growling tummy
and i wonder if you wonder... or did your stars finally explode?
Its to hot and no work we can fry an egg on the road
Bored and can't sleep. Should be at Fetish Nation but I am complete Fail
Note :: Blue Pigs incoming are airfreight production, and not stock for sale.
Saw the best view of my life tonight jess and b nigg. Love you
And the premiere has been quite entertaining, too
We were once perfect me and you.
Watching Law and Order boo boo~
Writing a song right now about heartbreak and moving on
mini reunion with cousins and chilling out in Bonn
Had a great weekend so far, and the weekend not over yet!
i need to find some peace. and a cigarette.
sad to see her parents and her puppy leave :(
#truth time waits for no one. Get out and achieve!
off to make dinner :-) friends and family are great
New week, fresh start and the sun is shining.  Let's create!
Papa and me just got a nice laptop for Mandy online. YAY!!!
Sore back, hungry, and grouchy about cleaning my room.   Stay away.
driving to lb and back to ot and then back to lb is not fun...
I cry every time i sing the needle and the damage done
And i wont give up me to be apart of you
decisions, decisions... and sleepy, too!
Going to San Rafael for music equipment and soul food.
And,  this doctor needs to have his medical licence reviewed
map maker and able to use in online ranked matches
manhunt was ridiculous, so much sweat and scratches..
Have you ever had a dream at night, and remembered it years later?
Ok Earth Wind and Fire was cool but Carly Simon?..... Waiter!!
Busy busy week. Finals due next week and tomorrow!
Big Daddy T and I just enjoyed a rainbow.
I'm hungry and sad. Not a good day.
Living and Loving Everyday!
We are what we are because of what we learn and what we remember.
We are launching our brochure and web site of Golf Art in September.
woke up feeling sick and had to cancel my plans. i hate doing that
Man still at work working deals and i'm starving Traveler where u at
Its ok... You told me not to count my chickens and i did.  : (
I went to vote today, and I was asked for ID.
i tried to add my cell and i sent the code back
its friday and im at work.  thank god I love m.a.c.
just got home finish my paper and now bored
Loving Life and my Family Thank You Lord!!!!
exhausted and all I did was change my bed.  Old age takes it's toll
*waves arms mysteriously and vanishes into a hole*
These two represent their sport and their sponsors very well.
son is out of school working nights again and broke as hell
here, you know, the world could turn or crash and burn.
go out with my dog and then must learn
is trapped and nothing can be done
up early and on the run....
: get old and rot in your cave.
Thanks Tim and Dave!
wants her money, and NOW!
WOW! WOW! AND WOW
watch a movie and having a glass of wine. YUM!
How dirty and filthy and guilty I've become.